# Patron-Procuration-Target-Prognosis
A feature deep learning framework 
How extreme would users go in deciding between buying from an e-commerce company (aka online shopping) or a physical shop? Recently, technology has been a part of most aspects of life, and businesses are not an exception. The main aims and motivations of e-commerce businesses are to harness the advancement in technology, especially the Internet, to reduce expenses and make shopping more comfortable for consumers to thrive the business. E-commerce businesses are faced with the problem of not being able to reliably predict the intention of visitors to their websites. He, Lu and Zhou found that one major barrier hindering the growth of e-commerce is the inability to effectively determine the intention to purchase.
Unlike in the traditional brick and mortar setting, where shop attendants can have physical interactions to know reasons why visitors did not purchase particular goods, the e-commerce presence leaves businesses no idea why transactions never took place. According to prior research, the nature of e-commerce websites with regards to navigation, content and simplicity of use determines how useful these websites appear to customers. The rate of usefulness plays a vital role in convincing customers in deciding whether or not to proceed with a transaction. Owing to different marketing strategies that have been adopted by the e-commerce industry, advertisements reach thousands of customers and hence websites are able to drive a lot of traffic. On the marketing point of view, this initiative is successful since numerous customers are attracted. However, from the business perspective, unless the website visitors make actual purchases or transactions, their goal is not yet achieved.
